Add migration options for Airflow 2 users using database access in tasks (#57479)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/docs/installation/upgrading_to_airflow3.rst

Step 5: Review custom operators for direct db access
----------------------------------------------------

> In Airflow 3 operators can not access the Airflow metadata database directly using database sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Airflow 3, operators can not access the Airflow metadata database directly using database sessions.
```

Author: Handled

> If you have custom operators, review the code to make sure there are no direct db access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have custom operators, review the code to make sure that there are no direct database access calls.
```

Author: Handled

You can follow examples in https://github.com/apache/airflow/issues/49187 to find how to modify your code if needed.

If you have custom operators or task code that previously accessed the metadata database directly, you need to migrate to one of the following recommended approaches:

> Recommended Approach 1: Use Airflow Python Client

Reviewer 2: Add a link to Python client repo?

Author: Good idea, handled

Step 5: Review custom operators for direct db access
----------------------------------------------------

In Airflow 3, operators can not access the Airflow metadata database directly using database sessions.
If you have custom operators, review the code to make sure that there are no direct database access calls.

> You can follow examples in https://github.com/apache/airflow/issues/49187 to find how to modify your code if needed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In Airflow 3, operators cannot access the Airflow metadata database directly using database sessions. 
If you have custom operators, review your code to ensure there are no direct database access calls.
You can follow examples in https://github.com/apache/airflow/issues/49187 to learn how to modify your code if needed.
```

ran through grammarly.

> If you have custom operators or task code that previously accessed the metadata database directly, you need to migrate to one of the following recommended approaches:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you have custom operators or task code that previously accessed the metadata database directly, you must migrate to one of the following recommended approaches:
```

> Recommended Approach 1: Use Airflow Python Client

Reviewer 4: Should we add a one-liner mentioning why this is a recommended approach?

Author: I plan to add a pro/con section to each approach today

Author: Pushed a change here: https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/57479/commits/370940c1117ecd3fcacc2abe83cb5f36555a759c

Reviewer 4: LGTM

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Use the official `Airflow Python Client <https://github.com/apache/airflow-client-python>`_ to interact with
Airflow metadata via REST API. The Python Client has APIs defined for most use cases, including DagRuns, TaskInstances, Variables, Connections, XComs, and more.

Recommended Approach 2: Use DbApiHook (PostgresHook or MySqlHook)

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer 4: Same here

Author: Same comment as above
